Update faq.md (#1761)
celo-org/docs: docs/cel2/faq.md

description: Frequently Asked Questions about Cel2
---

### When is Celo mainnet becoming an L2?

:spiral_calendar: Celo L2 Mainnet Date: March 26, 2025, 3:00 AM UTC

:chains: Hardfork Block Height: 31056500

### How do I run a node or upgrade an existing node?

See the guides for [running a node](./operators/run-node.md) or the guide on [how to migrate a L1 node](./operators/migrate-node.md).

### Will the migration happen immediately, or will there be a grace period for projects to transition to the new version?

> There should be no grace period needed, as nothing should change for common users. Expect a stall of at least 20 minutes during the transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no grace period needed, as nothing should change for common users. Expect a period with no block production of at least 20 minutes during the transition.
```
